[doc] add a doc page about ci testing workflow on a PR (#45446)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/ray-contribute/ci.rst

> CI Testing Workflow on PRs

Author: good catch, i'm sticking to the most common styling then

> CI Testing Workflow on PRs

Reviewer: Could you install Vale? Our style guide is to sentence case headings. Thanks! https://anyscale-ray--45446.com.readthedocs.build/en/45446/ray-contribute/docs.html

> CI Testing Workflow on PRs

Author: will do thankks

==========================

> This guide helps contributors to understand the CI workflow on a PR.

Author: let me add the explanation for CI here

microcheck: default tests on your PR
------------------------------------
With every commit on your PR, by default, we'll run a set of tests
called `microcheck`.

These tests are designed to be 90% accurate at catching bugs on your
PR while running only 10% of the full test suite. As a result,
microcheck typically finishes twice as fast and twice cheaper than
the full test suite. Some of the notable features of microcheck are:

* If a new test is added or an existing test is modified in a pull
  request, microcheck will ensure these tests are included.
* You can manually add more tests to microcheck by including the following line
  in the body of your git commit message:
  `@microcheck TEST_TARGET01 TEST_TARGET02 ....`. This line must be in the
  body of your message, starting from the second line or
  below (the first line is the commit message title). For example, here
  is how I manually add tests in my pull request::

    // git command to add commit message

>     git commit -a -s

Reviewer 2: maybe don't add `-a`? probably should not encourage / tell user to use `-a` here as if `-a` is required for the workflow.

Author: what is your favorite workflow to add a git commit message? the `-a` is required to add a new commit message (there are similar alternatives like `-m` but they will need something)

    // content of the commit message
    run other serve doc tests

    @microcheck //doc:source/serve/doc_code/distilbert //doc:source/serve/doc_code/object_detection //doc:source/serve/doc_code/stable_diffusion

    Signed-off-by: can <can@anyscale.com>

If microcheck passes, you'll see a green checkmark on your PR. If it
fails, you'll see a red cross. In either case, you'll see a summary

> of the test results in the PR's checks.

Reviewer 2: I am not sure what the "summary" we mean here. do we mean the "status" of that commit?

Author: status yes

Additional tests at merge time
------------------------------
In this workflow, to merge your PR, simply click on the Enable auto-merge
button (or ask a committer to do so). This will trigger additional test

> cases, and the PR will merge automatically once they finish.

Reviewer 2: say will finish when all the tests pass?

do we want to explicitly say that only committers can merge?

Alternatively, you can also add a `go` label to manually trigger the full

> test suite on your PR (~$50 cost per run at the time of this writing).

Author: i'm using the cost per postmerge run as an approximation, it stands between $50-60 before we move it to scheduled run

While we anticipate this will be rarely needed, if you do require it
constantly, please let us know. We are continuously improve the effectiveness

> of microcheck.

Reviewer 2: should we want to mention that when the PR has new commit then the auto merge will be auto disabled?

Author: let's add that as well

> CI Testing Workflow on PRs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
CI testing workflow on PRs
```

==========================

This guide helps contributors to understand the Continuous Integration (CI)

> workflow on a PR. Here CI stands for the automated testing of the codebase

Reviewer: ```suggestion
workflow on a PR. CI refers to the automated testing of the codebase
```

on the PR.

> microcheck: default tests on your PR

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`microcheck`
```

------------------------------------

> With every commit on your PR, by default, we'll run a set of tests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With every commit on your PR, by default, CI runs a set of tests
```

called `microcheck`.

> These tests are designed to be 90% accurate at catching bugs on your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These tests are 90% accurate at catching bugs on your
```

PR while running only 10% of the full test suite. As a result,

> microcheck typically finishes twice as fast and twice cheaper than

Reviewer: ```suggestion
microcheck typically runs twice as fast and costs half as much as
```

the full test suite. Some of the notable features of microcheck are:

> * If a new test is added or an existing test is modified in a pull

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you add a new test or modify an existing test in a PR,
```

>   request, microcheck will ensure these tests are included.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  microcheck includes these tests.
```

* You can manually add more tests to microcheck by including the following line
  in the body of your git commit message:

>   `@microcheck TEST_TARGET01 TEST_TARGET02 ....`. This line must be in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `@microcheck TEST_TARGET01 TEST_TARGET02 ....`. You must put this line in the
```

>   body of your message, starting from the second line or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  body of the message, on the second line or
```

>   below (the first line is the commit message title). For example, here

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  below. The first line is the commit message title. For example:
```

>   is how I manually add tests in my pull request::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    // git command to add commit message
    git commit -a -s

    // content of the commit message
    run other serve doc tests

    @microcheck //doc:source/serve/doc_code/distilbert //doc:source/serve/doc_code/object_detection //doc:source/serve/doc_code/stable_diffusion

    Signed-off-by: can <can@anyscale.com>

> If microcheck passes, you'll see a green checkmark on your PR. If it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If microcheck passes, you see a green checkmark on your PR. If it
```

> fails, you'll see a red cross. In either case, you'll see a summary of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
fails, you see a red cross. In either case, you see a summary of
```

> the test run statuses in the github UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the test run statuses in the GitHub UI.
```

Additional tests at merge time
------------------------------

> In this workflow, to merge your PR, simply click on the Enable auto-merge

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To merge your PR in this workflow, click the **Enable auto-merge**
```

> button (or ask a committer to do so). This will trigger additional test

Reviewer: ```suggestion
button, or ask a committer to do it. This action trigger sadditional test
```

> cases, and the PR will merge automatically once they finish and pass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cases, and the PR merges automatically once they finish and pass.
```

Reviewer: Does is trigger `additional tests` or `additional test cases`?

Author: i updated to tests, thankks

> Alternatively, you can also add a `go` label to manually trigger the full

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can add the `go` label to manually trigger the full
```

> test suite on your PR (be mindful that this is less recommended but we

Reviewer: ```suggestion
test suite on your PR. Be mindful of the cost and run time consequences of this option.
```

> understand you know best about the need of your PR). While we anticipate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> this will be rarely needed, if you do require it constantly, please let

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should only need to run the full suite in rare cases. However, if you require it frequently, 
```

> us know. We are continuously improve the effectiveness of microcheck.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
let the Ray team know. The Ray team is continuously improving the effectiveness of microcheck.
```
